It this video will briefly go over the C++ preprocessor and preprocessor directives.
What does the C plus plus preprocess the C plus plus preprocess or is a program.
That process is your source code before the compiler sees it.
The C++ preprocess are first strip's all the comments from the source file and replaces each comment
with a single space that it looks for preprocessor directives and executes them.
Preprocessor directives or lines in the source code that begin with a pound or hash tag simple as you
can see in this slide there are quite a few preprocessor directives available.
The most commonly used preprocessor directive is the include directive when the preprocessor sees this
directive.
It replaces the power to include line with the file that it's referring to that it recursively processes
that file as well.
So by the time the compiler sees the source code all comments are stripped out and all preprocessor
directives have been processed and removed preprocessor directives are commonly used to conditionally
compile code.
For example suppose you only want to compile a portion of your source code.
If you're on the Windows operating system in this case you would use a preprocessor directive to test
to see if you are on Windows and that perhaps includes some Windows specific libraries.
If you're not on Windows then maybe you want to include some Macalester 10 libraries or use the air
directive to abort the compile with an error message conditional compilation is beyond the scope of
this course but will use several preprocessor directives as we move on in the course.
One final note it's very important to understand the C++ preprocessor does not understand C++.
Let me say that again.
The C++ preprocessor does not understand C++.
It simply follows the preprocessor directives and gets the source code ready for the compiler.
The compiler is the program that does understand C++.
OK that wraps up this video.
And the next video will talk about comments and C++.